How People with Disabilities Use Digital Technology.
Sophie,
basketball fan with Down syndrome.
Hello, I'm Sophie.
I have Down syndrome.
I love basketball!
And I played on my school team,
and now I work in a stadium.
At work, we use an app for our team.
It has a calendar
with all our practices and games.
My job is to record scores and stuff like that.
I can also use it to chat with the coach
and with the players,
and we use it to exchange photos and jokes too.
[chuckles]
Sometimes, I take longer to read things
but this app is really easy to use.
The event or name of the player is at the top,
so I know where I am in the app.
The calendar is also very clear.
It shows the name of the month
or the number of the week at the top too.
Other apps we tried are too confusing -
I could never tell where I am and how to get back.
The biggest problem is buying tickets for games.
I try to use this app for buying
but sometimes
I have to use other apps to get tickets.
Some of these apps are too hard.
When I click on something
it goes somewhere else
or opens another page.
Or, it doesn't have that blue box at the top
so I don't know where I am
and how to get back.
Sometimes it takes too long,
I have to start all over again.
It's a real pain.
I wish buying tickets could be easier.
My dream is to become a senior assistant.
I know I can do it.
Sometimes it's hard
for me to write long things,
but I use the spell-checker every time.
It helps me when coaches use
words I already know.
Otherwise, it takes me even
longer to find the words
in the dictionary.
You can help make technology accessible to me.
Accessibility: It’s about people.
For more information from the Web Accessibility Initiative
on how people with Disabilities use Digital Technology,
visit w3.org/WAI/people